0.  BMP: 32 bit color, or over 4 billion
	GIF: 8 bits, 256 colors
	JPEG: 24 bit, 16 million
	PNG: 24 bit, 16 million
    
1.  GIF
    
2.  Lossless compression occurs when after uncompressing the file every single bit of data still remains from the time before
    it was compressed. With lossy compression this is not the case, since it reduces file size by eliminating certain information.
    
3.  JPEG is lossy compressed.
    
4.  When a file on a FAT system is deleted two things happen. First, the first character
    of the file is modified by the system to indicate that the file is deleted. Second, the fil's FAT clusters are moved to 
    the hard drives' list of free clusters. The result is that the actual file data is never touched and remains on the
    hard drive. In essence, using the 
    operating system to erase files is insufficient.
    
5.  One way to achieve sufficent sanitisation is to fill the entire disk with ASCII NUL values.

6.  stdint.h is a header file in C that allows to write more portable code by providing exact-width integer types.

7.  They specify exact signed and unsigned integer types with a cross-platform bite size of 8, 16 and 32.
    uint8_t is a unsigned integer type that is exactly 8 bites wide.
    
8.  BYTE: 1
    DWORD: 4
    LONG: 4
    WORD: 2
    
9.  The first byte is the character 'B' and the second is the character 'M' in ASCII encoding.

10. bfSize: The size, in bytes, of the bitmap file.
    biSize: The number of bytes required by the structure.
    
11. If biHight is negative the bitmap is a top-down DIB starting at the upper-left corner.

12. The color depth is defined by the biBitCount member.

13. If there is no file created by fopen.

14. Because the program is reading 1 RGB at a time.

15. (4 - (3 * 3 bytes) % 4) % 4 => padding = 3 (so in total 12 which can be divided by 4).

16. fseek allows to change to location of the pointer. For example it allows to set the pointer to the end of 
    the file and read in from there on.

17. SEEK_CUR changes the pointer from intpr to SEEK_CUR, the current position of the cursor.

18. Rob Bowden did it.
